Added Error message for KIA0401 (#615)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/validations.md

- [Validator source code](https://github.com/kiali/kiali/tree/v1.52.0/business/checkers/serviceentries/workload_entry_address_match.go)

## K8s HTTPRoutes {#httproutes}

### KIA1401 - HTTPRoute is pointing to a non-existent K8s gateway

> Gateway API HTTPRoute could be pointing to a Gateway (K8s) the Route wants to be attached to. When the namespace field it not specified, it takes Gateways from currect HTTPRoute's namespace. Here the error indicates that the pointed Gateway is not found in the provided namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gateway API HTTPRoute could be pointing to a [k8s] Gateway that the Route wants to be attached to. When the namespace field is not specified it takes Gateways from the current HTTPRoute's namespace. Here the error indicates that the referenced Gateway is not found in the provided namespace.
```
